# TechWritingPortfolioP2
	This program implements a basic registration process, allowing a user to view potential classes, and then register for the desired classes, notifying the user if there are any time conflicts in his\her schedule.  The program first reads all information from a CSV file, and then stores the necessary information into an object called Course. The information that is stored inside the object Course includes: the course name, the registration number, the section number, the credit hours, the course start time, the course end time, the course days of the week, the location, the instructor, the course type, and the course number.  Each Course object is then classified by its type: traditional, blended, or online. Then each Course object is stored into an array for later use.  The user is given 5 choices to choose from, which include: “search courses”, “register for course”, “remove course from schedule”, “view trial schedule”, and “quit”.    
	The command “search courses” allows a user to search a course name, and then the program will display all of the available courses with that name.  This command will display all of the course information, including the days of the week, the time, the instructor, the section number, the type of class it is (traditional, blended, or online), and the CRN so that the student may actually register for the course. The command “register for course” allows the user to enter in a specific CRN and add that course to their schedule unless there is a time conflict.  If there is a conflict then the user is notified, and the course is not added to the schedule.  The command “remove course from schedule” prompts the user to enter a CRN. Then the program searches the courses that are in the schedule, and if it finds the CRN that the user chose to remove, then the course is removed from the schedule.  The command “view trial schedule” searches for all the courses that have been added to the schedule and displays them for the user to view, including the times, days of the week, instructors, class type, and credit hours.  The final command "quit" simply exits the program.   	
